# Building Hybrid Solutions with Windows Azure

This article describes how to use Windows Azure together with on-premises resources. <a id="compare" name="compare"></a>

## Table of Contents

-   [The Benefits of Hybrid][]
-   [Service Bus Relay][]
-   [Service Bus Queues and Topics][]
-   [SQL Data Sync][]
-   [Access Control Service (ACS) paired with Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS)][]
-   [Windows Azure Connect][]
-   [Conclusion][]



<h2 id="benefits">The Benefits of Hybrid</h2>

The cloud offers many compelling benefits to businesses and government
agencies. These benefits include:

-   Cost savings by not requiring on-premises compute and data storage
    resources.
-   Reliability through hardware failure detection and automated repair.
-   Insurance against data loss through seamless and transparent data
    replication.
-   Massive up-and-down scalability of data and computational services
    on-demand.
-   Federated single-sign-on across business partner boundaries.

When people first contemplate moving their applications into the cloud,
they naturally think about it in “all-or-nothing” terms. It turns out
that many applications lend themselves better to a “hybrid” approach,
where parts of the application live in the cloud, and other parts live
on-premises.

Windows Azure is comprised of a suite of cloud service technologies that
are sold a la carte on a pay-as-you-go basis. These services can all
work together to support applications that reside completely in the
cloud, or they can be used independently. This model provides
organizations with the flexibility to select and combine cloud storage
and services with option to offload some of your on-premises storage and
services workloads to the cloud.

The hybrid approach to application architecture can be utilized to meet
many of today’s IT challenges. It is not uncommon in today’s application
landscape for resources used by an application to be stored in multiple
locations and deployed on multiple platforms. Some resources may be
stored in a corporation’s own data center, while other resources may be
located in the cloud or in the data centers of your business partners.

There are many reasons for requiring a hybrid approach to cloud
applications:

-   Ownership of proprietary data or protection of proprietary
    algorithms can lead a business to store its data in its own
    on-premises facilities.
-   Contractual considerations between business partners may also create
    constraints.
-   Certain types of data and government agencies come under regulations
    which explicitly forbid data from being stored in another country.
-   Some data may be sensitive or subject to privacy concerns, even if
    it is not government regulated.
-   Businesses may have legacy applications which are in a
    “maintenance-only” phase of their life-cycle and cannot be easily
    migrated to the cloud.
-   Data may need to be shared locally with on –premise applications and
    services.

With a hybrid application solution that uses both on-premises and
cloud-based resources, application code and data can be stored in an
appropriate on-premises location according to regulations, privacy
concerns, and a measurement of acceptable risk, while solution
components requiring the features and pricing model of cloud computing
can be migrated to the cloud. This paper will explore several Windows
Azure services that work well in the creation of hybrid
applications.<a id="Different" name="Different"></a>


<h2 id="relay">Service Bus Relay</h2>

The Service Bus in Windows Azure, pictured in Figure 1, provides secure
messaging and connectivity capabilities to facilitate the development of
building highly-scalable, loosely-coupled applications in the cloud or
in hybrid configurations between on-premises and cloud applications and
data sources. Service Bus Relay supports an extensive assortment of
communications and messaging protocols and patterns thus enabling a wide
variety of business application connectivity scenarios without the usual
level of friction associated with setting up security and on-premises
endpoints.

Service Bus Relay is useful when you require a low-latency synchronous
connection or bi-directional message exchange. For example, a
cloud-based web site that needs to pull data from an on-premise CRM
system and show it to the user immediately might use the Service Bus
Relay to accomplish this objective. The Service Bus Relay provides
direct and low-latency service access.

Windows Azure Connect is another technology ([introduced later in this article][]) which could be used to accomplish the objective of exposing
an on-premises service endpoint to the cloud-deployed web application.
The primary differentiator between these two technologies is that the
Service Bus Relay is a messaging technology operating at the application
layer and exposing specific application endpoints, while Windows Azure
Connect is a virtualized network service operating at the network layer
connecting machines and VMs into a single trust domain with shared
access to all endpoints and services running in that domain. Thus, the
choice is along the lines of whether applications want to integrate
individual endpoints as it is common with service-oriented
architectures, or whether workloads need broader network-level
integration that’s not easily scoped to application endpoints.

Modern business networks and security policies are complicated.
Businesses routinely setup special “DMZ” network zones to shield their
intranets from the wilds of the Internet. Networks are often configured
with non-routable and randomly assigned IP addresses which sit behind
port-mapping firewalls using Network Address Translation. To make
matters even more complicated, applications are often configured to
operate on non-standard, arbitrarily assigned IP ports, and certain
kinds of message traffic may be further restricted by security policies.

The day-to-day maintenance of identities between business partners is
also very complicated and subject to oversights and procedural errors.
These mistakes might subject a business to many negative consequences
and potential legal penalties when unauthorized access or malicious
operations are undertaken by unauthorized personnel. The procedures for
securely onboarding another business partner, service, or application
can also be very daunting. Configuring the security for a new
application can take longer to implement than it did to write.

Service Bus Relay cuts through many of the physical and political
difficulties of connecting enterprise applications across departmental
and corporate boundaries, and it does so in a rather elegant way. When
applications are registered for use with Service Bus Relay, the
administrator selects a unique endpoint address in the Windows Azure
Access Control namespace by prefixing the accesscontrol.windows.net
suffix with an exclusive (e.g.
https://**contoso**.accesscontrol.windows.net/). Rather than waiting for
incoming traffic to arrive at the corporate firewall or DMZ for the
application, the Service Bus Relay model allows the application to open
up an *outbound* communication channel with the Service Bus Relay
service in Windows Azure as depicted in Figure 1. The application then
keeps its connection with the cloud open in perpetuity (or until the
application is shut down or recycled) by sending tiny outbound “ping”
heartbeat message every few seconds. Service Bus Relay then relays any
traffic sent to endpoint address in the cloud to the on-premises service
application where the messages are processed.

![image][]   
 **Figure 1-Windows Azure Service Bus Relay**

Coding this orchestration by hand would undoubtedly be challenging, but
fortunately the complexity is encapsulated in a set of convenient and
easy to use Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) bindings (e.g.
BasicHttpRelayBinding, WebHttpRelayBinding, WS2007HttpRelayBinding,
NetTcpRelayBinding, NetOneWayRelayBinding, and NetEventRelayBinding),
which do all of the “heaving lifting” of the outbound heartbeats and the
instancing of service objects (including the deserialization of the
message and its dispatch to the appropriate service operation).

Service Bus Relay allows up to 25 simultaneous listeners to be
registered to a single service endpoint. In this configuration, Service
Bus Relay randomly selects a listener to receive an incoming HTTP
request or TCP session, which is generally adequate enough to ensure
reasonable load balancing of messages across all listeners. Note: There
isn’t an SLA guarantee of equal distribution of incoming message; it is
stated only as a “best effort.” For more information on the Service Bus
load balancing feature, see [Windows Azure Service Bus Relay Load balancing (Scale & Availability Feature)][].<a id="_Service_Bus_Queues" name="_Service_Bus_Queues"></a>

For more information about Service Bus Relays, see:

-   [How to Use the Service Bus Relay Service][]
-   [Developer resources][]



<h2 id="queues">Service Bus Queues and Topics</h2>

The previous section outlined the benefit of using [Service Bus
Relay][1] to solve application scenarios requiring immediate low-latency
direct connectivity to services. Of course there are applications where
direct connectivity to the service is not required. Many applications
require independence from the service’s availability, or they may need
guaranteed message delivery. Service Bus Queues and Topics provide these
capabilities.

For example, an application posting work items to a business partner’s
services would benefit by adding queues to the architecture. Service Bus
Queues and Topics allow the sending application to continue unabated
when their business partner’s services are down for maintenance or
experiencing outages, and for processing of those messages to resume
when the business partner’s services are back online.

Service Bus Queues and Topics support a brokered messaging communication
model. When using these brokered messaging entities, components of a
distributed application do not communicate directly with each other,
they instead exchange messages via a message broker, which acts as an
intermediary.

A Queue is an entity managed by the broker that manages a sequence of
messages with a single retrieval point - the Queue’s “head”; if there
are multiple receivers only one of them will receive any particular
message. A Topic is another entity that is much like a queue, but it can
have multiple such retrieval points, called Subscriptions. Each
Subscription gets to see a copy of each added message and a filter can
determine whether the message is eligible for retrieval through the
Subscription. If it is, receivers can receive the message just like from
the Queue. Thus, Topics are a mechanism very similar to Queues and
differ primarily in allowing distribution of message copies to different
Subscriptions – and with that key capability they are often a more
flexible choice compared to Queues.

A message producer (sender) hands off a message to the Queue (or Topic)
and then continues its processing. Asynchronously, a message consumer
(receiver) pulls the message from the Queue (or Subscription) and
processes it. The producer does not have to wait for a reply from the
consumer in order to continue to process and send further messages.
Queues and Topics with their Subscriptions offer First In, First Out
(FIFO) message delivery to one or more competing consumers. That is,
messages are typically received and processed by the receivers in the
order in which they were added to the queue, and each message is
received and processed by only one message consumer.

Service Bus Queues and Topics may be used to achieve some of the
following business objectives:

-   **Temporal decoupling** allows message senders and receivers to work
    on independent schedules. The producers and consumers are no longer
    required to be online at the same time. That means the service can
    be taken down without impacting service consumers as work will
    simply be stored in the queue until the service comes back online.

-   **Load leveling** allows work to be spread over time generally
    saving money because the message consumer only needs to be capable
    of handling an average message load instead of the peak message
    load.  
    ![image][2]  
    **Figure 2-Load Leveling**

-   **Load balancing** allows additional message consumers to be added
    during peak message volume to keep throughput high but without
    breaking the bank by having idle capacity during non-peak
    loads.![image][3]  
    **Figure 3-Load Balancing**

-   **Loose coupling** allows message producers and message consumers to
    operate with complete independence of each another, which is
    consistent with one of the primary tenants of Service-Oriented
    Architecture (SOA) that states that *services share schema and
    contract, not class.* Only adherence to the message schema by the
    service and its consumer is important.

For more information on Service Bus Queues and Topics, see:

1.  <a id="_SQL_Azure_Data" name="_SQL_Azure_Data"> </a> [How To Use
    Service Bus Queues]
2.  [How To Use Service Bus Topics/Subscriptions][]



<h2 id="sql">SQL Data Sync</h2>

The SQL Data Sync service can be used to keep on-premises SQL
Server database synchronized with one or more SQL Database instances in the
cloud. There are a myriad of application scenarios where this capability
proves itself useful.

For example, this service can be used to keep two or more SQL Database instances synchronized when you want to improve performance by
geographically collocating application data with your customers. You can
use the SQL Data Sync service to accomplish this objective.
Synchronization can also be useful when you want to assure that your
data is being redundantly stored in different geographical locations in
the unlikely event of a cataclysmic disaster striking a regional data
center. In hybrid application scenarios, data may need to be used by
on-premises applications as well as cloud applications, or you may
simply want to replicate data based on proximity in order to improve
performance.

Unidirectional and bidirectional synchronization are supported, giving
you the flexibility of allowing changes only to a replication master or
having changes to the data flow in both directions. Individual tables
and even columns to be synchronized can be specified and filters can be
established to apply synchronization only to a subset of rows. Conflict
resolution for two-way synchronizations and synchronization frequency
are also tunable.

![image][4]   
 **Figure 4-SQL Data Sync**

For more information on SQL Data Sync, see:

-   [SQL Database Data (MSDN Library)][]
-   [SQL Database][]

<a id="_ACS_paired_with" name="_ACS_paired_with"> </a>

<h2 id="acs">## Access Control Service (ACS) paired with Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS)</h2>

Pairing the Windows Azure Access Control Service (ACS) in the cloud with
on-premises Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS) makes it easy
to extend corporate identities, such as those in your own or partners’
Active Directory services, beyond the confines of the firewall.
Extending Active Directory beyond the enterprise firewall provides
secure identities that can be used to make authentication and
authorization decisions for Internet applications, as well as to give
single-sign-on even between business partners across corporate
boundaries.

### Windows Azure Access Control Service (ACS)

ACS brings federated identity and claims-based security to your
applications and services. Claims-based security allows developers to
isolate themselves from the complexities of security code by decoupling
application logic from security decisions. The application is allowed to
make assertions on claims which must be present for a given operation to
be executed. The validation of an identity and the issuance of claims by
a trusted claims issuer are handled by separate services and processes,
rather than by the application. Another way of looking at ACS is as a
single-sign-on security service in the cloud. Single-sign-on in the
cloud is often referred to as “Federated Identity” because identities
can be used in a universal manner across business domain boundaries,
whether or not the applications are located on-premises, deployed to the
cloud, or a hybrid of both.

ACS operates by taking authenticated identities and transforming them
into one of two kinds of specific security tokens that are used by your
application to make authorization decisions. The specific choice of
token format is not important to this article, but both Security Access
Markup Language (SAML) and Simple Web Token (SWT) formats are supported
by ACS. You can find additional links to resources that will further
explain token formats referenced below.

The authenticated identities come from *identity providers*, and
generally speaking the identity provider is responsible for verifying
the authenticity of an identity. The most popular form of identity
verification in today’s world is a simple username and password, but
more sophisticated verifications are possible too, such as the use of
digital certificates and biometric devices.

Identities are selected according to your application’s requirements for
trustworthiness. Self-verified identities have a relatively low level of
trust, and are generally suitable for social web sites, blogs, and many
publicly accessible commercial applications where a person does not have
to prove who they are, but can simply make their own unverified
statements about their identity (called “claims” in security lingo).
Identities verified by a third party are generally more suitable for
enterprise and business-to-business applications and services.

ACS supports self-verified identities issued by Windows Live ID, Google,
Yahoo!, and Facebook. When used in conjunction with a credit card and an
email address, the level of trust of self-verified identities can be
enhanced dramatically, but they are generally inadequate for most
business applications that must restrict application access to
identities that are tightly controlled. In the corporate environment,
Active Directory domain controller provides identity services related to
an organization. Identities in Active Directory Domain Services (AD FS)
carry a higher degree of trust, given that an employee typically has to
show government-issued proof of identity before an organization will
hire them, and corporate IT professionals administrate these identities
in accordance with strict and verifiable corporate policies.

### Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS)

Using Active Directory Federation Services v2.0 (AD FS), corporate
identities stored in AD FS can be put into use beyond the organization’s
firewall for use in securing Internet applications. AD FS adheres to the
WS-Federation specification, an industry standard with widespread
adoption, which was jointly developed by BEA Systems, BMC Software, CA
Inc., IBM, Layer 7 Technologies, Microsoft, Novell, Ping Identity, and
VeriSign for brokering trust of identities between participating
applications and services across heterogeneous machines and platforms. A
custom Security Token Services (STS) written using Microsoft Windows
Identity Foundation or an AD FS installation are two examples of
WS-Federation compliant identity sources.

### ACS Paired with AD FS

![image][5]   
 **Figure 5-ACS Paired With AD FS**

Many organizations use AD FS for managing their corporate identities. AD
FS v2.0 is a service that ships with Windows Server 2008 R2 and can be
used by itself or in conjunction with ACS to extend corporate identities
beyond the boundaries of the enterprise’s Intranet. This offers
organizations identities that can be seamlessly used in the cloud and
on-premises to make application authorization decisions, and can cross
the boundaries of corporate firewalls without any additional maintenance
burdens. AD FS may be used directly without ACS to support extension of
your enterprise identities to the cloud, so the next question that most
people logically ask is “why use them together?” To answer this question
requires a little more information about the features offered by ACS.

Each of the aforementioned identity sources has its own API, and there
isn’t a lot of overlap between them. Security is a complex topic to
begin with and learning all of the different API’s can be a daunting
task for an application developer. By learning only the API of the ACS,
the application developer can use any of these identity providers
individually or in concert with one other without the need to learn many
disparate identity technologies.

ACS also has its own built-in identity store, which can be very useful
for solving a variety of applications. Use of ACS allows your
applications to trust security tokens that it issues, thereby loosely
coupling your choices of identity providers from your application and
allowing them to change without changing your application. In addition,
the ACS places another layer of security between your enterprise and
those who might cause it harm.

AD FS emits identities as Security Access Markup Language (SAML) tokens,
so you could configure your applications to utilize the AD FS directly.
However, ACS provides two valuable advantages over using ADFS directly:

-   The first advantage is that it allows your AD FS instance to only
    trust ACS queries, thereby providing a level of isolation from
    direct attacks.
-   Secondly it provides loose coupling of the identity stores, allowing
    new identity stores to be added or changed in the future without
    impacting your applications.

In federated security parlance, your application is referred to as a
*relying party,* because it relies upon ACS for its security. In order
for that security to be trustworthy, ACS must know information about the
relying party application so that it can issue security tokens only for
use by that application. Likewise, your application needs to know that
it can trust the claims that are being made inside of the security
token, and it does this by inspecting the signature on the token with
its own list of trusted identity providers.
<a id="_Windows_Azure_Connect" name="_Windows_Azure_Connect"></a>

For a deeper and more thorough understanding of identities and
claims-based security systems, see:

-   [Access Control Service (MSDN library)][]
-   [Getting Started with Security and Claims-Based Identity Model][]
-   [Web Service Federation Language][]
-   [WS-Federation Identity Providers][]
-   [Windows Server 2008 R2 Active Directory Overview][]

<a id="_Windows_Azure_Connect_1" name="_Windows_Azure_Connect_1"> </a>

<h2 id="connect">Windows Azure Connect</h2>

The basic theme of this article on hybrid Windows Azure solutions is
that it is impractical for organizations to store all of their resources
and run all of their applications in the cloud. There are many everyday
business reasons why this statement holds true, and why it will likely
always be true for at least the foreseeable future. It would seem that
concerns over data privacy, ownership, governmental regulation, legal
controls, and basic paranoia about where data resides and who has
control are going to be present long into the foreseeable future.

With Windows Azure Connect, a worker or web role in the cloud can access
on-premises resources, such as a SQL Server database or an on premise
web service, directly because Windows Azure Connect provides the
illusion that the on-premises and cloud networks are actually one by
routing the traffic through an IPsec tunnel between the two networks. In
fact, in such a configuration, the application’s connection string
doesn’t even have to change as the on-premises SQL Server just looks to
be part of the same network as far as the Windows Azure cloud instances
are concerned.

To accomplish these objectives, Windows Azure Connect creates a secured
communications tunnel between your on-premises applications and
resources and your cloud-based applications and resources. This allows
your Windows Azure role instances to become a logical extension of your
corporate network. The instances in the cloud become additional machines
on your corporate network as shown in Figure 6.

![image][6]   
 **Figure 6-Windows Azure Connect** <a id="SQLAzure" name="SQLAzure">
</a>

Another popular scenario is business network augmentation. Some
businesses may require additional computation or storage capacities
during peak demand than they have in their data centers. The resources
in the cloud can be configured to become an extension of your
on-premises computing resources thereby allowing a very rapid expansion
of resources during business peaks and a very quick downsizing when that
need has passed. When using the Windows Azure Connect feature this way,
the role instances in the Windows Azure cloud can even be joined to your
domain thus allowing security to be regulated by your existing Active
Directory Domain Controller, and for users of the network to access
these machines as they do any other machines within their corporate
networks.<a id="SeeAlso" name="SeeAlso"></a>

With so many choices available, it can be difficult to know which
solutions represent “best practices.” The following approaches might
help;

-   Consider using [Service Bus Queues][Service Bus Queues and Topics]
    (discussed earlier in this article) when interoperating with
    resources that are accessible only through the Internet.
-   Consider using Windows Azure Connect for accessing resources and
    services that are an extension of your corporate intranet, or when
    no external access is required.

For more information on Windows Azure Connect, see the following
resources:

-   [Overview of Windows Azure Connect (MSDN Library)][]
-   [Windows Azure Connect Team Blog][]
-   [Windows Azure Connect Team Blog - Domain Joining Windows Azure roles][]
-   [Guide to Windows Azure Connect][]
-   [Using Windows Azure Connect to Integrate On-Premises Web Services][]

<a name="conclusion"> </a>

<h2 id="conclusion">Conclusion</h2>

It is impractical for organizations to store and run all of their
resources and applications in the cloud. There are many practical
business reasons why this statement is true, and why it will likely
always be true. Concerns over data privacy, ownership, governmental
regulation, legal controls, and basic paranoia about where data resides
and who has control are always going to be present, resulting in many
cloud applications being deployed in “hybrid” configurations, where
portions of the application or its data remains on-premises.

Windows Azure Service Bus Relay and Queue services can be used in a
heterogeneous computing environments consisting of both cloud and
on-premises computing and storage assets to provide extraordinary
scalability and security to your applications. Service Bus Queues
additionally provide your existing applications with load leveling and
balancing and offer resilience to failures and downtime for maintenance
and software upgrades.

SQL Data Sync in the cloud can be used to synchronize your
on-premises and cloud databases, enabling on-premises and cloud
applications to share data, or allowing data to be geo-located via
replication to better service customers.

Pairing the ACS in the cloud with your on-premises AD FS or AD FS can
extend your corporate security beyond the confines of the firewall where
they can be used to make authentication and authorization decisions for
Internet applications (which have traditionally used Form-based
authentication). Extending Active Directory beyond the enterprise
firewall also provides secure identities that can cross corporate
boundaries giving single sign-on even between business
partners.<a id="_GoBack" name="_GoBack"></a>

Windows Azure Connect dynamically extends your on-premises network with
your cloud network providing full and flexible access to the resources
for use by your applications with minimal or no code changes.

Because of the sophistication of modern applications with distributed
services, heterogeneous platforms and operating systems, and security,
talking “cloud computing” often involves hybrid solutions. The ability
to augment on-premises network applications with cloud resources to
deliver new and innovative business solutions is a core value of Windows
Azure.

<div style="width: 700px; border-top: solid; margin-top: 5px; padding-top: 5px; border-top-width: 1px;">
*Written by Paul Mehner (Wintellect)*

</div>

  [The Benefits of Hybrid]: #benefits
  [Service Bus Relay]: #relay
  [Service Bus Queues and Topics]: #queues
  [SQL Data Sync]: #sql
  [Access Control Service (ACS) paired with Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS)]: #acs
  [Windows Azure Connect]: #connect
  [Conclusion]: #conclusion
  [introduced later in this article]: #_Windows_Azure_Connect_1
  [image]: ../../../DevCenter/Shared/Media/building-hybrid-solutions-1.jpg
  [Windows Azure Service Bus Relay Load balancing (Scale & Availability Feature)]: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/avkashchauhan/archive/2011/10/27/windows-azure-appfabric-servicebus-relay-load-balancing-scale-amp-availability-feature.aspx
  [How to Use the Service Bus Relay Service]: http://www.windowsazure.com/en-us/develop/net/how-to-guides/service-bus-relay/
  [Developer resources]: http://msdn.microsoft.com/ServiceBus
  [1]: #Different
  [2]: ../../../DevCenter/Shared/Media/building-hybrid-solutions-2.jpg
  [3]: ../../../DevCenter/Shared/Media/building-hybrid-solutions-3.jpg
  [How To Use Service Bus Queues]: http://www.windowsazure.com/en-us/develop/net/how-to-guides/service-bus-queues/
  [How To Use Service Bus Topics/Subscriptions]: http://www.windowsazure.com/en-us/develop/net/how-to-guides/service-bus-topics/
  [4]: ../../../DevCenter/Shared/Media/building-hybrid-solutions-4.jpg
  [SQL Database Data (MSDN Library)]: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windowsazure/hh456371.aspx
  [SQL Database]: {localLink:1145} "SQL Database"
  [5]: ../../../DevCenter/Shared/Media/building-hybrid-solutions-5.jpg
  [Access Control]: ../../../../home/features/access-control/
  [Access Control Service (MSDN library)]: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windowsazure/hh147631.aspx
  [Getting Started with Security and Claims-Based Identity Model]: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ee536164.aspx
  [Web Service Federation Language]: http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/library/specification/ws-fed/
  [WS-Federation Identity Providers]: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg185933.aspx
  [Windows Server 2008 R2 Active Directory Overview]: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/server-cloud/windows-server/active-directory-overview.aspx
  [6]: ../../../DevCenter/Shared/Media/building-hybrid-solutions-6.jpg
  [Overview of Windows Azure Connect (MSDN Library)]: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windowsazure/gg432997.aspx
  [Windows Azure Connect Team Blog]: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/windows_azure_connect_team_blog/
  [Windows Azure Connect Team Blog - Domain Joining Windows Azure roles]: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/windows_azure_connect_team_blog/archive/2010/12/10/domain-joining-windows-azure-roles.aspx
  [Guide to Windows Azure Connect]: http://techyfreak.blogspot.com/2010/11/guide-to-windows-azure-connect.html
  [Using Windows Azure Connect to Integrate On-Premises Web Services]: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windowsazure/hh697512.aspx
